Update spec to add Busy error code and add considerations on I2C transactions (#10)
microbit-foundation/spec-i2c-protocol: spec/index.md

| Read property disallowed                            | 0x36       |
| Write property disallowed                           | 0x37       |
| Write fail                                          | 0x38       |

> | Busy                                                | 0x39       |

Reviewer: Can we add a description somewhere about what this is and how it should be used?

Reviewer: This is covered in the "considerations section".

    - The main (nRF) must wait for the `COMBINED_SENSOR_INT` signal to be asserted by the secondary (KL27)
- `write_request` can be sent by both secondary and main.
    - For the secondary to initiate this, it must assert the interrupt signal first and then the main must poll (i2c read) the device for data.

> - I2C transactions must not overlap. Every I2C Write, must be followed by an I2C Read. 

Reviewer: > Every I2C Write, must be followed by an I2C Read.

Does this affect a read command from CODAL that triggered by a different device (motion sensors) in the shared interrupt signal ?

Reviewer 2: Not sure I quite understand that @microbit-carlos. Transactions are serialised, so should be ok?

There may be another I2C transaction on the bus (say to the motion sensor) while we wait for a response from the KL27, 
but that should be ok right?

Reviewer: What kind of I2C transaction does CODAL do when the shared interrupt is triggered?
Is it and I2C write, followed by an I2C read?

Reviewer 2: The I2C write would occur before the IRQ. So on an IRQ, we just read:

https://github.com/lancaster-university/codal-microbit-v2/blob/master/source/MicroBitUSBFlashManager.cpp#L579
https://github.com/lancaster-university/codal-microbit-v2/blob/master/source/MicroBitPowerManager.cpp#L341

Reviewer: Right, yeah, that is not a problem, since any previous "I2C write" started by CODAL should have had their respective "I2C read" before the IRQ was serviced.

I guess my only concern is that we are basically saying all "I2C write" transactions require an "I2C read".
I assume there are I2C write commands that do not require an I2C read, right?

Reviewer 2: I guess so... but we always read the result to get a return code.  :)

>     - I2C Reads can be triggered by false positives on the `COMBINED_SENSOR_INT` signal. In case a response is not ready by the the secondary (KL27), the busy error code will be returned and the main (nRF) should re-attempt to read the response when the `COMBINED_SENSOR_INT` signal is asserted.

Reviewer: It might not be clear to the reader what `false positives` could mean, maybe we should replace that with:

```suggestion
    - I2C Reads can be triggered by other I2C devices activating the shared `COMBINED_SENSOR_INT` interrupt signal. In case a response is not ready by the the secondary (KL27), the busy error code will be returned and the main (nRF) should re-attempt to read the response when the `COMBINED_SENSOR_INT` signal is asserted.
```
